# Vocabulary-Tables-Creator

After reading "How to learn a lenguage in 7 days" by Ramón Campayo and use it for my firsts steps in Italian I have decided to learn some other languages, so I begin to search over the web sites where people learn using this method, and I found out something that looks incredible for me, a lot of people ask about the tables for the languages they wanna learn, since they feel so lazy for doing it by themselves. I think that, if you wanna learn a language, you can't be afraid of some work, but still want that people can study what they want, so I coded this Vocabulary Tables Generator. It uses goslate for finding the translations of the words of our list, and goslater (a copy of goslate with minors modifications I develope for this program) for finding the translated word in romanized characters. You can find the three python files that compose the program at the end of the page. It still needs another file to work properly (and is the last one, I promise), that is the file containing the wordslists to translate, since list is a word with meaning in python, the file is called listas.py and I'm developing different lists that can work with VTC. The first one is the near to nine hundreds words list from the book I have talk previously.

It produces as an output a csv that can be readed in LibreOffice, OpenOffice, Gnumeric... and it's supposed to work on excel as well. You can use it to produce a list of vocabulary from any language accepted in google translator to any of the languages it accepts. When running, it display on screen most of the language codes, but you can use any code from the ISO 639-1 corresponding to a language that google translator can manage. For a list of 900 words, it uses to take something like 10 minutes 25 seconds. This program is licensed CC BY-SA-NC-ND, but you can contact me if you have a project and you think this is a problem for your project.
